okay in the future for sure in the
future in the future for sure so you'll
be back I will be back yes I'm still
gonna be here every weekend - so I'm
technically still here well it's the
fourth week of na LCS I'm joined by an
arrow the departing coach from echo fox
with covers presented by Omni slash
talked a little bit about his reasons
for leaving and more so first off is
this a situation where it's just like a
sinking ship
you guys are first place right now
you're like I gotta get out of here
before we could become like eighth place
what's going on I'm abandoning the
sinking ship of first place I mean they
just BTS em I hope I'm not abandoning
ship that's thinking at all no things
are things are fine internally with
everyone okay is it bad for them that
you are leaving because they are first
place you were the coach and now you're
on your way out
people might think like oh echo fox
should be worried I mean I even wrote in
like the reddit there that happened that
I don't think people should be worried
at all me and Thomas have been working
together for the entire time this
rosters been together he's been in the
room doing the exact same things that
I'm doing so everyone in the like
rosters already completely familiar with
him they know how he works it's no big
change up at all it's just I'm not there
after it so I think things are gonna be
completely fine and even like without
that I still want to independently like
help the players out with any problems
that they have so okay so so if
everything is gonna be fine and nothing
will change what value were you bringing
to echo Fox right because if if they're
gonna be absolutely fine no problem then
why were you there in the first place I
guess I was useless great yeah that's it
that's what I'm getting
I mean yet so obviously not gonna be
there so it's another voice in the room
that I think one of the biggest drinks
me and Thomas being together is that we
had different views on things and we
could always bounce off each other in
the room like what ideas we had towards
draft how we played out the game and
like that so obviously that not being
there is I guess detrimental but well
from what I've told everyone like while
I'm pursuing my other opportunity like I
want to be still available for to help
you guys out and let you know like if
you have questions I want to give my
ideas on that too and help you out
because I want to see this team of world
still and like a consultant almost yeah
I guess so did you
I know you're being cagey about what the
opportunity is but is this an instance
where it was like a conflict of interest
like why step down in order to pursue
this other thing it's definitely
something to be a conflict so I I don't
want to allow that to be a thing and I
want to make sure that if I am gone from
this while pursuing that that it's not
gonna be a mess for them at all so it's
just better that I'm away from it and
I'm still independent and able to help
them they need it but you are your
you'll be work like why not just wait
until the end of the split it's just one
of those things that can't wait you know
like those things pop up and you just
physically can't wait and it's probably
just better not to split that time and
be a drag for the team and be like a
negative influence and it is to just let
it go and let someone who's definitely
capable take control and you just help
from the outside where you needed but on
Twitter you've been saying that it would
still be like a North American because
some people were like oh maybe he's
going to Europe it doesn't sound like
you still want to be a part of North
American eSports some people think
you're maybe going to different eSports
sounds like you still want to be a part
of League of Legends yeah I'm still very
much interested in seeing the industry
in North America like grow as much as
you can and I definitely want to be a
part of that in some capacity I had my
time in Europe I honestly don't really
want to go back to Europe as much as I
liked Europe is just not for me and you
know I have like a relationship here and
I'm very much settled in the u.s. so I
want to stay and make sure that
everything that's happening here is
growing as much as again in League of
Legends in League of Legends yeah I
don't wanna I don't know hop to
overwatch something like that like I
played that game for six months and I
was on the overwatch is the game hype
train and then got bored so I'm here for
League so it's a North American League
of Legends opportunity I mean I never
said that okay I'm just interested in
North American League of Legends and
seeing that go forward and saying that
succeed and you're not interested in
other games right you're trying real
hard Travis I don't know I'm just trying
we're trying to figure it like cuz you
know you're all secretive but then you
say like this and this and this I know
what how does your vague your vague
answers are not gonna give me clicks or
views I'm just literally interested in
what's going on yeah I told you that
this was happened but you wanted it they
told me what would happen you're not
gonna get like an interesting okay no
that's okay
this is all good stuff though because
people wanted to make sure that you're
staying in North American League of
Legends that's what we're learning yeah
in the future
in the future in the future for sure so
you'll be back I will be back yes I'm
still gonna be here every weekend - so
I'm technically still here okay
technically okay but you won't will you
be backstage probably I'll be hanging
out backstage okay I'll find it's not be
an official member yeah pretty much what
what do you think of the strength of the
team that you're leaving the strength of
the team I think they're stronger so
like I even said in the light going away
post and everything like I think the
scene good world I want to see them go
to Worlds I have no doubt that's still
possible at all there's obviously a few
kinks to get through with it like our
team has our weaknesses that are very
glaring that everyone can see but ya
know this team can be a worlds and I
think it's really exciting a team to see
out worlds when they get there do you
think we will see less of the
interesting crazy wacky stuff that echo
fox is known for now that you're gone no
not at all I mean it's gonna be the same
like that is a thing that with all the
staff and players together that was like
the culture that we had like those picks
are accepted and we want to try it so
that's everything's not gonna change at
all and I mean Thomas was on flack West
and that was the team that was pulling
out like mordekaiser and stuff like that
for while they were playing so
definitely it's something that we
encouraged as a team and it's not gonna
disappear just because I'm gone there
anything that you would say to any of
the fans out there that you're ditching
well thanks to the the discord fans who
have been having like memorials in the
discord for me I'm not dead I'm still
there like I said and I will be there
feel free to keep memeing think guard
instead I'll still be hanging around
there with all the fans and stuff and
talking but thanks for the support
through everything it was it was really
great being a part of it well it was
really nice knowing you an arrow I'm
sorry sorry started here that they're
dead
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel hey hope you
enjoyed that interview I certainly did I
I'm actually gonna re-watch it several
several several times after this anyway
my point is I want to say thanks to Omni
slash for supporting this content and
also wanted to mention something to you
if you're running adblock on this
YouTube channel right now that's sad but
I've got a way at what you do make me
happy if you have Amazon Prime you can
get twitch Prime you just link your
Amazon primary twitch account you can
link click the twitch link in the
YouTube
description and give me a free Twitter
Prime that's actually kind of cool
anyway thanks again Omni / thanks for
watching that's it